README.md, before:

# Candango Go Peasant

Peasant is a protocol abstraction of how to control agents that need to
communicate with a central entity or entities.

We define agents as peasants and central entities (bases) as bastions.

This project won't define the implementation, security level neither levels of
redundancies but instead a minimal contract of what should be implemented.

A bastion/peasant relationship could be defined as stateful or not. If stateful
it is necessary to implement a session control in the bastion where peasants
need to perform knocks (as knock at the door) for permission or a valid session.
In a stateless case we just ignore any knock implementation.

What must be implemented in the protocol are nonce generation, consumption and
validation on both sides and a directory list of available resources offered by
a bastion for peasants to consume.

## Support

GoPeasat is one of
[Candango Open Source Group](http://www.candango.org/projects/)
initiatives. Available under the
[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

This site and all documentation are licensed under
[Creative Commons 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

Copyright © 2024 Flavio Garcia

Commit message:

feat(service): add Nonced middleware and add IsNonced
The Nonced middleware wraps a handler into NoncedHandlerFunc
requiring any request to have a valid nonce or any condition that
makes the service IsNonced false.

The IsNonced method added to the service is a way to unblock
requests from a handler or function to be allowed to proceed
without a nonce validation. This method was added to allow a
handler to have a request that will provide a new nonce.

IsNonced can be used for requests where nonce is not necessary
after a validation.

Refs: #2

README.md, after:

# Candango Go Peasant

Peasant Protocol: A Contract for Controlling Agents

The Peasant protocol is a high-level abstraction designed to facilitate
communication between agents (peasants) and central entities (bastions). It
does not impose specific implementation details, security requirements, or
redundancy levels, but instead establishes a minimal contract for what must be
implemented.

In this protocol, agents are referred to as peasants, while central entities
are called bastions. The relationship between a bastion and peasant can be
either stateful or stateless. In a stateful scenario, bastions must implement
a session control mechanism, requiring peasants to perform "knocks" (similar
to knocking on a door) to request permission or establish a valid session. In a
stateless scenario, the concept of knocking is ignored.

The Peasant protocol mandates the implementation of nonce generation,
consumption and validation on both the peasant and bastion sides.
Additionally, bastions must provide a directory list of available resources
that peasants can consume.

## Support

GoPeasat is one of
[Candango Open Source Group](http://www.candango.org/projects/)
initiatives. Available under the
[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

This site and all documentation are licensed under
[Creative Commons 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

Copyright © 2024 Flavio Garcia
